Yes! An out-of-season research project for our assassination classroom:
hijack the space station and steal their experiment data!
And so the E Class's unprecedented research project began.
"The reentry capsule carrying the research data will splash down in the Pacific Ocean.
The capsule will be transported to the lab unopened,
to guard against the unlikely possibility of theft by the target super-organism."
Clever precautions indeed.
I can't carry anything too heavy,
so anything locked in a five-ton container is as good as unobtainable for me.
Which is why we need them to show us while it's still in space...
but does Japan really have the tech to launch a manned rocket?
At this point, we can handle that much.
My influence might have moved things along.
There was plenty to fear, of course, but above all,
we had the most fun coming together to tackle challenges—
when we could forget about all our uncertainties.
tonikaku mou chotto matte tonikaku mou chotto matte
"Wait, just hang on a sec!"
sakebi mo munashiku kiete sakebi mo munashiku kiete
I scream, but it gets me nowhere
boku wa tadatada semaru limit
I put all my strength into being afraid
zenryoku obietetan da zenryoku obietetan da
Of the limits that just keep on closing in
genjitsu to wa youshanakute genjitsu to wa youshanakute
Reality is merciless Reality is merciless
toku ni jikan wa yabai ne toku ni jikan wa yabai ne
And time is especially tricky
sorenashi ja nemurenai blanket ubawareteku no ni niteru
It's like someone's snatching away my security blanket
taai mo nai imi mo wakannai taai mo nai imi mo wakannai
We laughed and fretted We laughed and fretted
koto de warattari nayandari koto de warattari nayandari
Over silly things, nonsensical things
saigo no chaimu narihibikeba
Once the final bell rings out tanoshii toki mo owaru
tanoshii toki mo owaru The fun times will be over, too
The fun times will be over, too Assassination
Classroom
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no manabi wo kaban ni tsumekonde
365 days' worth of lessons shoved into bags
itsumo mitai ni mata ashita teki ni
Like always, as though we'll see each other tomorrow
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no dekigoto
365 days' worth of happenings
boku wo otona ni shita nara namida nante mise mo shinaide
If you've taught me how to be an adult, don't be showing me tears
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no omoide
365 days' worth of memories 365 days' worth of memories
53 Days Till Deadline to Assassinate Korosensei
motto otona ni nattemo motto otona ni nattemo
Even if I grow up some more Even if I grow up some more
sukoshi mo iroasenai sa sukoshi mo iroasenai sa
They won't fade one bit from my mind
19th Period 19th Period Outer Space Time
Outer Space Time
Our plans are in place.
Now to put them into action.
The rocket can only hold two people. Who wants to go?
Me!
Right...
Oh, of course all the boys do.
It's an unproven experimental vessel on its maiden voyage.
Who still wants to go?
Right... I still want to.
A rocket would make any mech-head's mouth water.
But I'll give up my seat this time.
Nagisa. Karma.
Huh? I'm not big on putting my life in other people's hands.
Just send Terasaka up with a dummy.
If it crashes, no harm done.
What?!
Karma, the aggressive fighter, together with Nagisa, the composed assassin!
They might be a good team for hijacking a space station.
Yeah. We'll save our money and pay our own way.
You two fought as hard as you did to bring the whole class together!
Take responsibility and lead the way!
Karma?
Let's give it a shot.
A graduation trip to outer space with your friend?
What could be better?
Okay, okay. I did promise I'd do as you say.
Well, then, that's that!
m 648 609 l 950 609 950 663 648 663
m 648 609 l 1280 609 1280 663 648 663
m 648 663 l 950 663 950 668 648 668
m 648 663 l 1280 663 1280 668 648 668
Cape Shimazu Space Center
Wow, cool!
This is where you launch the rockets, right?
Hey! You!
How did you two get in here?
You don't even have ID cards, do you?
We came here on a field trip, but we got lost!
We followed some guy and wound up here!
But since we're here... let us do the countdown!
Ritsu, any of these control-room computers should work, right?
I don't care how cute you are: no! Authorized personnel only!
Right.
Aw, I wanna push the big red button!
Okay, then... Time to plug this in and scram.
Hey! Tickling won't help!
Security analysis complete!
I've placed a remote-control virus on the control-room computer.
Now the control center and its system will act on my command.
That's the first hurdle cleared.
Ritsu, sorry to ask without any notice,
but part of our entry route is out in the open.
Can you do something?
Roger. Checking your current position...
Done!
I'll turn off the corresponding camera for ten seconds.
Roger that.
Three... two... one... zero!
Security guard passing through. Next patrol in ten minutes.
Surveillance camera angle adjustment complete.
It's still live, so please be careful.
Got it.
A fifty-meter staircase to the rocket hatch...
Korosensei?!
Inspection? Perfection!
At least you seem aware you'd be responsible if anything went wrong!
Please don't say such awful things!
I'm relaying looped footage of the dummies to the control room.
If you swap them out now, you won't get caught!
C'mon, Karma.
One hundred, ninety-nine, ninety-eight, ninety-seven, ninety-six, ninety-five,
ninety-four, ninety-three, ninety-two,
ninety-one, ninety, eighty-nine,
Liquid oxygen and hydrogen systems are go.
eighty-eight, eighty-seven, eighty-six...
Are they going to be okay?
Twenty-five, twenty-four, twenty-three,
Flight mode on.
twenty-two, twenty-one, twenty, nineteen...
You know, we've felt this kind of nervousness before, you and me.
Yeah.
But... we might've changed a little since then.
Five, four, three, two, one... All systems go.
Main engine ignition.
One, two, three... SRB ignition.
Liftoff.
It's fast, all right!
Why did you tag along, Korosensei?
Well, you know, I worry.
Don't worry too much about getting that data on me!
You're on a journey through space! Enjoy it!
Korosensei...
There's something I want to say.
You use every ounce of your life to give us opportunities to learn.
And we're really grateful for that.
But your life means more to us than just teaching material.
I know. And I'm glad.
S-So fast!
You need to be traveling at Mach 23 to enter orbit.
Today, for the first time, we were faster than Korosensei.
Assassination Classroom Final Season Akabane Karma
Rendezvous complete. Commence HTV catch.
Roger.
Mechanical arm: operation verified.
Three more meters.
Two meters.
One meter.
HTV catch complete.
Commence gripping.
Demonstration ship: grip complete.
Docking complete.
Shield interface: all green. Air pressure: normal.
Permission granted to open hatch. Welcome to the space station.
Your country sent you a doll to play with.
How about welcoming it aboard and giving it a big hug?
Okay!
Huh?
Where's the dummy?
What?!
What the?!
Huh? A communications error?
What's wrong?
Huh?!
H-Hello... Hey, it's Mizui-san! I've seen you on TV!
What?
Why is there a kid in here instead of a dummy?
Hey, what's—
I've terminated the comm-link with Earth!
Thanks, Ritsu.
We have a bomb.
We would like to do this peacefully.
Please back away so we can talk.
This place is a little cramped.
Let's talk somewhere with more space.
Come on. Move it.
Therefore,
please allow us to copy the American team's data.
We won't be making any other demands.
I think you know, but our teacher is a monster.
I don't know what he'll do to the Earth if you refuse.
Jeez. These guys calmed down way too quick.
That's career astronauts for you.
First, let me give you two daring kids a hand. Bravo.
Oh... You speak Japanese.
But are you really gonna take on the six of us—soldiers included?
We're not scared of some bomb.
Because...
we've been running experiments here, not knowing when
this is all gonna blow up and kill us all.
Enough pointless conflict.
This is no place to fight.
We'll talk, so please, let him go.
Even if you do steal the data, how are you going to get home?
Are you going to ask us for help after hijacking us?
We can make it back on our own.
Our classmate's worked out the return orbital calculations perfectly.
Yep!
Our teacher can do any fine-tuning by pushing us in midair.
This is way too reckless!
Maybe you're just young, but aren't you taking your lives too lightly?
I didn't come here because I wanted to.
I came because my friend asked me to.
Karma... And as far as our lives go...
We've done plenty of thinking in regards to that lately.
I mean, we're students of a class whose aim is to kill its teacher.
We should know by now to be prepared to face life with life.
Just like you, right?
It seems you have genuine faith in your target's plans.
All right.
I'll take it upon myself to accept the hijackers' demands.
Prepare the data.
But first, help us unload supplies.
We'll put you to work and get you out of here already.
I think they must have wanted to give us junior high kids
the experience of a lifetime.
This might just save him.
Yeah...
And that'd be enough for you, right?
What do you mean?
Well, I'm not going to oppose the class's decision to save him.
I'm just wondering what Korosensei really wanted us to do.
That's the lab data on preventing that super-organism from exploding.
No signs of falsification.
I can confirm it's the full data from the experiment in question.
I'll just grab a copy.
It's copied.
Now to get back and validate it.
Yeah, we don't want to overstay our welcome.
Hey, pops!
You can keep this.
Whoa, whoa! Hey!
To tell the truth, it's actually just a block of sweet bean jelly.
Oh, no!
Just say you were too spooked by the bomb to disobey.
We're really sorry for the trouble we've caused!
At least it killed some time, right?
Swimming in zero gravity like they're at a friend's house,
negotiating for top-secret intel like they're bargaining at a penny-candy shop,
penetrating the atmosphere like they're heading home from school...
There are some pretty amazing junior-high kids out there!
You guys are an awesome group of heroes.
Come back anytime—
but next time, do it the right way.
I've had enough. However...
I'll make sure to increase the budget for
space exploration when I get in power.
Yeah... I'm lookin' forward to it.
Our time in space sure went by in a flash.
Yep.
Now to see if we can get back to Earth in one piece. Ritsu?
Ritsu...?
I'm on it.
I've crunched a ton of numbers to get you down safely.
This spaceship might as well be my own body by now.
Plus, all those sensors I have are picking up more than ever before.
External temperature, air pressure, speed, the scenery...
Nagisa-san, Karma-san...
I even have a clear read on your respiration, your conversation, your pulse, and your warmth.
To think, move, and feel to the fullest...
How wonderful.
I can feel this mission evolving my intelligence!
Hey, you two...
I just felt an emotion for the very first time.
I'm glad. Glad I could be a part of this class.
Right on schedule!
And what a grueling trip it must have—ow!
Korosensei!
So I didn't need to intercede in the negotiations after all!
Those spacemen were surprisingly understanding, weren't they?
Guess so.
Now to give you boys a little shove.
Hup! Ow! Hup! Hot! Ow! Hot!
Onward to—ow!
Hey, they made it! They're back!
Keep going! Almost there!
We doubted, fretted, came apart, and clashed...
And finally, at the end of that long month,
we went to space.
Hooray! Yay! They did it!
komorebi ga yasashiku sashikomu ookina mado no naka
As the dappled sunlight shone gently through the window
Phew... What in God's name have you done?
Urk!
I can't even conceive of how much apologizing this will take!
I-I coerced the students into going!
kimi to deatta ano hi wo tooku ni kanjita
The day I met you felt so far away
You two didn't know of my plan, so you aren't responsible.
Besides, we got a nice bonus out of it:
data from using real humans instead of dummies.
This alone should make another rocket launch worthwhile.
sukoshi zutsu narabeta omoi ga boku wo atatameru
The memories I've arranged little by little keep me warm
And Ritsu-san discovered a more efficient course into space.
Take all this, and let's call it even.
chiisana heya tsunagu kokoro sotto oshiete kureta
A small room, hearts connecting: you taught me gently
You miscreant.
We're home.
kono kisetsu ga mukae ni kitara kimi no sugata mou sagasu koto mo
Once this season comes for me, I won't be able
dekinaku nacchaun da ne dekinaku nacchaun da ne
To seek you out anymore, will I?
zutto wasurezu ni iru yo zutto wasurezu ni iru yo
But I'll hold your memory in my heart
mata kimi ni aeru hi made mata kimi ni aeru hi made
Until the day I can see you again
Whoa! Check out this data!
It's one thing to get the data, but with all this jargon, I can't understand a word!
I'll handle it. Here's a summary.
"An experiment in space proved that the risk of explosion for a tentacle creature
is inversely proportional to its 'size.'
The bigger it is, the more stable it is,
while the smaller ones have a higher likelihood of exploding.
Unlike those the size of a small mouse,
the probability of a human-sized creature going berserk and exploding
is much lower than expected."
Huh? That means...
"Additionally, by administering the medicine indicated below
and periodically stimulating the flow of silicon compounds in the body...
Simply put, by 'relieving muscular stiffness,'
the risk of them going berserk decreases dramatically."
Stiffness?
"When the following conditions are satisfied,
the possibility of explosion, even at its highest,
is less than one percent."
One percent?!
"It is likely that other cells will die out before any explosion occurs,
and the creature will peacefully evaporate within ninety years."
So can you make this medicine or what?
It's surprisingly easy! In fact... Phew Phew Phew Phew
Phew Phew Phew Phew Phew Phew Phew Phew Phew Phew Phew
I made one almost exactly like it before.
Phew Phew Phew Phew
That one?!
You're kidding me!
The key to solving this was right there all along?!
Are you sure? I mean, it was almost too easy to find.
No...
The road here wasn't easy at all.
Kayano...
We made it here because my sister risked her life to stop Korosensei from turning destructive.
And because Korosensei followed in her footsteps, risking his life to teach us.
If not for the commitment of everyone involved,
we probably wouldn't have made that medicine,
and we wouldn't have grown into a class that could look for answers way out in space.
Either way, less than one percent is as good as zero!
Even if we can't kill him, the Earth won't explode!
Wait... What about the assassination?
Huh?
The one we've been working on since our first term?
Should we just call it off as of today?
Huh? I... I guess we can. Wait...
Nagisa! Whaddya wanna do?
This was your idea.
No matter how minute the possibility,
the government won't cancel its assassination plans—
not as long as he remains a dangerous creature.
I want to respect everyone's feelings, especially now that we've made it through our hardest challenge yet.
Here's what we decided.
If we couldn't kill Korosensei by the March deadline,
we'd graduate from assassination
and go back to being plain old students and teacher.
But until that deadline, we'd wield our blades with conviction.
After all, here "assassination" was our bond with our teacher—
and a required subject through which Korosensei nurtured us.
That's what we made up our minds to do.